[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
CANINE CONNUNDRUM
[Odd through computer]
Yumi, where are you?
I can't shake the guy.
[grunts]
[beeping]
[Odd through computer]
Yumi, I'm coming in for you.
-Watch out on your left!
-I'm on it.
[beeping]
[William through computer] Fire!
[moans]
[tense music]
[Odd through computer]
Okay, Yumi, I'm aligned with you.
Hey, tall dark and handsome!
[Odd through computer]
You'll never get anywhere with her
if you don't back off a little.
Take my advice, give her some room.
[groans]
[Odd through computer] Yoo-hoo!
Cat and mouse, huh?
[grunts]
[Aelita through compute]
The coast is clear, Yumi.
You can take off now.
[action music]
Ulrich, Yumi's coming in
to take over for you.
Right. I'll break away.
Yumi, watch out! Torpedoes.
[action music]
[Yumi shouts]
[Ulrich through computer]
This way, fish face!
You guys are way low on energy.
We've gonna have to abort the mission now.
[Aelita through computer] Already?
We didn't even get close to the Replika.
That's my point.
You still have too far to go,
and with XANA harassing us all the time,
it's way too dangerous.
[Odd through computer]
Aelita, I'm coming in on your left.
Right, I'll lock on your Navskid, Odd.
[Aelita] Okay Odd, you're the target now.
[sighs]
Here we go!
[action music]
[digital whirring]
[beeping]
[Aelita] Now!
[rumbling]
[whirring]
[Odd through computer] Olé!
Hey, that's fantastic,
just like in practice!
Good job.
Our fighting techniques are improving,
but it doesn't change a thing.
You're still too far away.
I've gotta bring you in.
I gotcha.
[Aelita] Rotation.
[whirring]
[zooming]
[action music]
[torpedoes blasting]
[Aelita] This one is mine.
[Ulrich through computer]
Well done, Aelita.
He overstayed his welcome a long time ago.
[Aelita through computer] My pleasure.
Navskids in.
[powering down]
[whirring]
[electricity crackles]
[Odd through computer] Hey! Wait for me!
[mechanical clanking]
[electricity crackles]
[Aelita] Maximum propulsion!
[whoosh]
[theme music]
-[mechanical whirring]
-[ominous music]
[mechanical clanking]
That's another mission down the drain.
I can't even remember
what we were trying to do.
[yawns]
[Odd] "It's such a simple procedure.
We construct
an intermediate digital sinusitis
with intergalactic lyrical context,
all multiplied by the virtual factors
of Thales and Pythagoras.
-Piece of cake."
-[sniggers]
[chuckles]
Perfect imitation.
Yeah… What do you say we go to sleep?
Great idea.
[sinister music]
-[Odd groans]
-No!
[Ulrich] I don't believe this!
[barks]
Odd, What did we agree on about your dog?
Uh, well…
But… There was no need
to get carried away.
[Yumi] Hi everybody.
Let me try and guess.
No seconds in the lunchroom?
A prank that backfired?
-Girl trouble?
-[Ulrich] Worse. Kiwi.
Hey, Ulrich, come on.
He's not that terrible, is he?
Do you wanna bet?
[Kiwi pants and barks]
[groans]
[Ulrich] You think I like
the idea of sleeping
in wet sheets every time you forget
to take him for a walk?
Put yourself in his place.
The poor little thing's locked up all day.
The poor thing?
[Jeremy] And me, how do you think I feel?
By the way, paper makes Kiwi sick.
So if you didn't leave your books
all over the place… Right, Aelita?
And what about my stuff?
Is it because I leave them around
that Kiwi steals them?
[Aelita] I spend my life digging through
the campus grounds.
[Aelita] Mr. Reilly thinks I'm a nut case!
[sighs]
Look, I'm really sorry, Odd,
but something's gotta be done.
He ought to be punished, and that's that.
Objection, Your Honor.
Before sentencing,
my dog has the right to a lawyer.
Yumi, you're an animal lover.
You've gotta help me
defend my little diggity dog.
Well, I wouldn't mind,
but after what he did to my new shoes
just last week… No.
[all chuckling]
Okay, I get the picture.
What's the sentence?
To make Kiwi understand his bad behavior,
he's gotta stay in the factory
for two weeks.
What? Two weeks in the factory?
But how could you do that to him?
[all] It was easy.
Odd, he'll be fine there.
The factory's not so horrible.
Not so horrible?
Staying for hours in a computer lab
may be fine for Jeremy,
but not for my dog.
[theme music]
[Kiwi barking]
I even remembered your froggy.
No one understands you…
Especially not our so-called friends.
Huh?
Be brave, my little diggity dog.
[mechanical clanking]
[Kiwi whimpers]
[alert beeping]
-[beeping rapidly]
-[tense music]
[tense music crescendoes]
[electricity crackles]
[whirring, beeping]
[Jim] Hello there.
I'm glad to see so many of you here
at my Pentchak Silat class.
Pentchak Silat, as its name indicates,
is a combat technique,
which is half aesthetic,
half self-defense and half spirituality.
Yes, well, um…
These three halves could save your life,
especially if you ever parachute
into the middle of the Burmese jungle
at the height of the monsoon season.
Well, I see we've got
an extra student today.
Hey, this class is open to everybody,
isn't it?
And besides,
I wanna learn Pinching Skillets too.
[whispers] It's called Pekhach Silar.
Hey, what are you two doing here?
We came here to be with you.
-I love hanging out with you, sis.
-[exhales]
All right,
enough talking and let's get to work.
I want you in groups of two for a warm-up.
We're going to begin
with short little warm-up.
[Milly and Tamiya] Excuse us, Jim.
Hey, just what are you two doing here?
We wanna do a story on Paunchy Muskrat.
Ishiyama said you wouldn't mind at all.
-Huh? Did you say that?
-[Yumi] Uh…
No, not her… It was him.
Uh… Well, I…
[birds chirping]
[Matthew] …and what a fantastic pass to
the center forward who takes the ball…
[Aelita] Well, go on Jeremy!
[Matthew] …sizes up the goalie,
who looks kind of lost and…
[Matthew laughs]
Gotcha!
[sighs]
Take your time, why don't you?
It's impossible to concentrate
with all that racket going on behind us!
The defenseman steals the ball
and heads down the field.
He passes. Goal! That makes 13 to two!
Hey, would you guys mind making
a little bit less noise, please?
We're trying to concentrate.
Concentrate, that's all you bookworms do.
Why don't you try something
important like foosball?
-[alarm beeping]
-[shushes]
Are you talking to me, Belpois?
-[beeping]
-[tense music]
-[Jeremy] Oh no!
XANA's launched an attack.
-[Aelita] Which sector?
-In the Desert Sector.
We'd better hurry up.
[theme music]
-[birds chirping]
-[cellphone ringing]
Yeah, Einstein. What? Oh no.
Kiwi already has a hard time whenever
I leave. Now if have to go to Lyoko…
Okay, okay, I'll see you over there.
Are you ready? Begin.
[Sissi and Johnny grunting]
Sissi, what you tried to do was a langkah,
which is complicated for a beginner.
Ulrich, Yumi, demonstrate.
[Ulrich and Yumi grunting]
-[Ulrich groans]
-[Sissi gasps]
[Jim] Get the idea?
[cellphone ringing]
Aelita?
[tense music]
It's a XANA alert.
[groans]
Can't you watch what you're doing,
you dork?
Deep breaths, Sissi.
As my Burmese master said,
"Serenity is vital
in order to stay calm." Stern…
-[Ulrich] Uh…
-Ishiyama, what are you doing?
Uh, sorry, we gotta go…
A little emergency to take care of.
[Yumi] Have a good training class.
-Ulrich…
-Yumi…
[mechanical whirring]
Hey, that's Kiwi Two,
I wonder what he's doing here.
If he let himself out to do his business,
then Jeremy must've upgraded the program.
You know what? I think it was XANA
who pulled a few strings.
Head for the factory
and I'll try to distract him.
-[rapid beeping]
-[menacing music]
Uh-oh…
[menacing music]
[Ulrich grunts]
[Ulrich] Come on!
[Ulrich gasps]
[screaming]
[Sissi shouts]
[groaning, shouting]
[screams]
[powering down]
-[tense music]
-[electricity crackles]
Now I want a clear explanation
of what's going on.
Where did all these
mechanical dogs come from?
We don't have time to explain.
The only chance we've got is
if Ulrich and I can get out!
[door creaks]
[growls]
Jeremy, do you remember your dog robot?
Surprise, there's a whole army of them
lined up outside the gym.
What are you talking about?
I only built one Kiwi Two.
And he's just programmed
-to play basketball.
-Well, don't look now,
but I think XANA's
trying to form a whole team.
We're gonna try and get out
through the boiler room.
Meet you at the factory
as soon as we can.
-Good luck.
-What's the matter?
Kiwi!
Hey, don't try
to pin anything else on him.
No, not your Kiwi.
It's mine, Kiwi Two.
He's been Xanafied and multiplied by XANA.
Ulrich and Yumi are stuck in the gym.
They're gonna try and get out,
but I don't know if they will.
Do you take me for a nitwit,
Miss Ishiyama?
Absolutely not, you've already been
to the factory a few times.
Of course, we had to erase your memory
every time by returning to the past.
Right, and once this is over,
you won't remember
any of it either, as usual.
Craziest story I have ever heard.
You watch too many
stupid Japanese "mangos."
[Yumi grunts]
That is to say… Can you prove
that what you're saying is true?
Well, how do you explain all of those
robot dogs out there?
Do you think Jeremy built them
all by himself?
-Uh…
-[Ulrich] Listen, Jim.
You've gotta trust us.
If we don't get to the factory,
Aelita won't be able
to deactivate the tower,
and we'll all be attacked
by those mechanical dogs!
Well, I have confidence in Ulrich,
and I don't usually trust Yumi.
But since she has confidence in Ulrich,
for today, I'm gonna trust her.
But just for today.
Me too, I trust Ulrich,
and I keep telling my sister
she should go out with him.
I tell her and tell her,
but she pretends she doesn't want to.
Well… You mind telling me
how you plan on getting to this factory?
We obviously can't just walk
through the door,
but there's a chance that we might be able
to get from here
to the sewers
through an air duct.
[Ulrich] But for that,
you'll have to create a diversion.
Too dangerous.
And why shouldn't I be the one who tries
to get out through the air duct,
tell me that?
Because you're too… Uh…
Because you wouldn't know
where to go afterwards.
Well, it seems pretty clear
we have no choice.
[theme music]
Okay. I'm launching the process.
Are you ready, guys?
-Ready.
-Do your stuff, Einstein.
-Transfer Aelita
-[computer blipping].
Transfer Odd.
Scanner Odd.
-[computer blipping]
-[action music]
Scanner Aelita.
[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[electricity crackles]
[digital whirring]
[Odd grunts]
[Aelita grunts]
Come out XANA, and fight like a man!
[Jeremy] The activated tower is northwest
of your position.
[Jeremy]
Keep your eyes out for uninvited visitors.
Here are your vehicles…
Overwing and overboard.
[Odd grunts]
[Yumi grunts]
[Ulrich sighs]
[tense music]
[Aelita] There's the tower.
That's weird. No one's around.
Let's go while the going is good.
The faster we save the world,
the sooner we can get back for lunch.
[metallic clang]
Now… Are we all set?
[Jim] Let's be careful, kids.
[menacing music]
[grunts]
Take that, you filthy beast!
Come on, little doggies! Come and get it!
[grunting]
[grunts]
[Sissi grunts]
[sinister music]
[grunts]
[beeping]
Oh, no! Ulrich!
[grunts]
Let's go!
[tense music crescendoes]
Go on! I'll cover you!
[sinister music]
Hmm?
[Yumi gasps]
Uh-oh…
[Jeremy]
Aelita, look out. On your right!
[Aelita gasps]
We were expecting you.
[grunts]
Laser arrow!
[in distorted voice] Manta!
[Manta screeches]
[tense music]
[sinister music]
[grunts]
[Odd] Laser arrow!
[Odd gasps]
[William grunts]
[grunting]
[gasps]
-[beeping]
-[gasps]
-[digital whirring]
-[mechanical barking]
[action music]
-[grunting]
-[electricity crackles]
[panting]
[action music]
Better be careful Aelita,
I see Tarantulas.
[lasers blasting]
[gasps]
[panting]
-[Ulrich gasps]
-[action music]
Yumi managed to make it out.
[gasps]
-[gasps]
-[action music]
[lasers blasting]
[Jeremy] Aelita!
[Aelita through computer] It's okay,
Jeremy. I'm gaining altitude again.
That's great, Aelita. I'll try to find out
how Yumi and Ulrich are doing.
[scanning]
-[cellphone ringing]
-[Ulrich groans]
-Hello?
-Jim,
how come you answered Ulrich's phone?
[Jim]
Because he's in no condition to talk.
Your robot and his clones
sic'd him in the leg,
just like they did Milly and Johnny.
[Jim] Now listen here, Belpois,
I don't know whether
you and your strange gang
are capable of doing anything,
but if you can, do it fast.
Odd, Aelita, we've got to shift
into high gear right now!
[in distorted voice] Super smoke!
[Jeremy]
It seems that Ulrich's hurt pretty bad,
and Milly and Johnny aren't much better.
We're not exactly in paradise either,
Einstein!
[theme music]
[sinister music]
[electricity crackles]
[tense music]
[Aelita] Energy field!
Be right there, Aelita. Just a little
unfinished business to attend to.
[tense music]
[groans]
[growling and barking]
No!
[grunting, groaning]
[groaning]
Sorry, my little buggy friends,
but I'm the boss from now on.
-[clinking]
-Huh?
I was just kidding.
-[mechanical footsteps]
-[Odd shouts]
[Odd through computer]
Hey, Einstein! Reload me!
Coming up.
[mechanical whirring]
[sighs]
Yumi!
A good thing that you…
[Odd panting]
[lasers blasting]
Hey, Einstein, where are my arrows?
[Odd through computer]
Jeremy, are you still there,
or did you take Kiwi out for a walk?
[mechanical barking]
[Jeremy grunting, gasping]
-[Jeremy gasping]
-[mechanical barking]
[tense music]
[beeping]
[scanning]
[action music]
[Odd] Hey, what do you know?
I'm reloaded!
[Odd] Laser arrow!
Nice one, Einstein.
[gasping]
-[metallic rumbling]
-[straining]
[groaning]
-[Ulrich groans]
-Ulrich?
[grunts]
[gasps]
[sighs]
[Odd] Just you and me, William.
[Odd] Hey!
[in distorted voice]
Good shot, Aelita.
[Jeremy gasping]
I can't believe it.
I called the police for help ages ago,
and they still haven't come.
It's the robots.
They won't let anyone through.
There's only one way
out of this place, Jim.
Yeah, you've already tried it,
and it didn't work.
From now on,
I'm chief officer of this unit!
[Jim] Hiroki, Tamiya, take
all these floor mats over to the door.
[Jim] Sissi,
you're gonna help me pile them up.
[Jim] We're gonna build us a barricade.
And all I wanted to do
was spend the afternoon with Milly.
[Milly groans]
[panting]
[wind howling]
[sighs]
[ethereal music]
[powering down]
[menacing music]
[William grunts]
[Aelita yowls]
[grunts]
[tense music]
[William in distorted voice]
I fulfilled my mission, XANA!
[rumbling]
[in distorted voice] Victory!
-[grunting]
-[tense music]
[Jeremy] Aelita!
-[Jeremy] No!
-[powering down]
What's going on, Einstein?
My dog's a genius,
but I wouldn't have given him your job.
Odd,
Aelita just fell into the Digital Sea.
[gasps]
[Tamiya] They're getting in!
Bring them on. The more the merrier.
It takes more than some tin cans
to scare Jim Morales.
[chuckles]
Did you expect my father
to show up to bail me out?
He won't be coming today.
Surprise. I can duplicate myself too.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[beeping]
[all groaning]
[ethereal music]
[Jeremy groaning]
-[groans]
-[mechanical barking]
[groans]
[beeping]
[screams]
Tower deactivated.
[powering down]
[Sissi gasps]
[gasps]
[electricity crackles]
[Aelita through computer]
Are you okay, Jeremy?
Aelita… But…
[Aelita] You mean you
haven't launched a return to the past yet?
Return to the past, now!
[powering up]
And when I saw
how the Kiwis multiplied themselves,
I decided to do the same.
-The rest was easy.
-Aelita, you are really amazing!
Hey, she's not the only one.
She managed to get away
because William was distracted.
That was an accident.
Still, what if he hadn't been there?
So, who do we have to say thanks to?
-To you, Odd?
-Me? No, to Kiwi.
Who do you think reloaded my Laser arrows?
Okay, so Kiwi's a hero.
What are you trying to say?
Just that heroes don't sleep
in abandoned factories.
[Kiwi barks]
Well then, Ulrich,
it's your call.
After all, you're the one
who shares a room with him.
What?
Oh yeah, no problem.
He can come back home.
You feeling okay?
Yeah, I was… thinking of something else.
That's great!
You'll see, he's a brand new dog.
He's much more calm,
and much better behaved and more…
Hey, Odd, your pants, look at them.
Huh? That's just…
Well, for ventilation.
It gets so hot here at school.
You sure it wasn't Kiwi
up to his old tricks?
I told you it wasn't him.
Can we go and eat now?
[all chuckling]
[theme music]